1.Have a Figma design done up for your project following the design principles 
that Levin taught you in UI/UX. (Generally speaking –a reasonable user 
experience, with some thought given to the aesthetics of the page)
2.Implement the project in React3.Use proper Semantic HTML tags where 
applicable4.Comment your code for clear representation of its purpose
5.CSS and React code that approximates the design in the Figma mockup.
6.Must use React Router (Aminimum of 3 pages.)
7.Upload the finished project to GitHub

The design can follow inspiration from any social media app of your choosing 
as many of them follow the same philosophies(you may find inspirationlooking 
at Facebook, Twitter,Instagram, reddit, etc).The canonical version of this app 
has at least three screens, described in the paragraphs below.Firstly, it is 
going to have a sign-in splash screen that opens when the app first opens.
All this screen will do is prompt the user for a name and passwordtologinand 
upon doing so be taken to their feed. You should include dummy data for an 
account you can use to login (this can easily be hard coded inand is mostly
for testing/validation purposesof the login feature).There should also be a 
sign-up page which the user can enter their name and password, and then be 
taken to theirfeed-the feed page should reflect at least one piece of user
data for the created account (for example their name/username that they 
entered in the signup) -you can accomplish this locallywith either useState 
or localStorage –no need to create a real backend.For simplicity’s sake the 
actual feeds themselves between logging in/signing up aren’t requiredto be
different(Though large brownie points to you if you can pull it off!).
The feed will display all the relevant content to the user. Again, think
Facebook, Twitter, or Instagram in which you can easily scroll through
content. This content should contain mock data for users, profile pictures,
likes,textcontentand “uploaded” images. Lastly the user should be able 
tolike other posts ormake a post themselves which will then be added to 
the feed.Again, this is just one project idea, if it doesn't appeal to 
you, Nicholas and Roy are happy to help your team brainstorm ideas. 
As before, a Figma design is required with submission. If you come 
to Roy and Nicholasearly with your Figma designs, we can give you 
advice and make sure you're on the right track.